what is evening primrose oil benefits
uses warnings and precautions the
Evening primrose oil is the oil obtained
of the seed of the plant called
Evening Primrose this oil is used to treat
skin disorders like eczema
psoriasis and acne also used for
rheumatic arthritis weak bones
osteoporosis Raynaud's syndrome the
multiple sclerosis syndrome
sjögren cancer high cholesterol
heart diseases but also
for a mobility disorder in the
children called dyspraxia for the pain of
leg due to vessel blockage
intermittent claudication
for alcoholism the disease of
Alzheimer's and schizophrenia
some people use oil
evening primrose for fatigue syndrome
chronic asthma nerve injuries
related to diabetes for a
itchy disorder called dermatitis
nervous but there is still more to the
Childhood hyperactivity and disorder
of attention deficit hyperactivity
for obesity and weight loss for
Convulsive cough and disorders
gastrointestinal diseases including colitis
ulcerative and to end the syndrome
of irritable bowel and ulcer
Peptic women use the oil of
Evening primrose during pregnancy to prevent
the rise in blood pressure
called preeclampsia to shorten the
Duration of labor to start labor
and to prevent delays in the
birth women also use the
evening primrose oil for the syndrome
premenstrual pain within the
endometriosis and the symptoms of
menopause such as flushes or
embarrassment
in the food the evening primrose oil
Used as a dietary source of acids
fatty acids in the industry
manufacturing the evening primrose oil is used
in soaps and cosmetics how does it work
Evening primrose oil contains acids
fatty some women with pain of the
breasts may not have levels
high enough of certain acids
Fatty fatty acids also seem
be able to decrease inflammation
related to conditions like
arthritis and eczema kilos and it is used
for sinus pain three or four
grams a day safety and use
warnings and precautions sometimes the
Evening primrose oil consumption can cause
mild side effects and include
stomach problems nausea diarrhea and
headache during pregnancy
breastfeeding taking evening primrose oil
during pregnancy could increase the
possibility of having complications not
use it if you are pregnant during
breastfeeding is safe to take oil
evening primrose but it is better to consult before with
your health care provider
blood loss disorders there
concern that evening primrose oil
could increase the chances of
suffer killed max and loss of blood
epilepsy or other disorder accompanied by
seizures there is worry that in
some people taking oil
evening primrose could increase the chances
of having seizures if you have
history of having seizures
avoid its use schizophrenia have
reported seizures in people
with schizophrenia that have been treated
with medicines called cenote acinas
a chemical that is found
present in evening primrose oil and
vitamin e surgery the evening primrose oil
could increase the possibility of
bleeding during and after a
surgery stop taking it at least two
weeks before having a procedure
surgical do not take evening primrose oil with
this medication combination that
delay in clotting medications
antiplatelet anticoagulants
Evening primrose oil contains gamma acid
Linolenic is the ingredient of oil
of evening primrose that can slow down the
blood clotting taking oil
evening primrose together with medications that
also delays in clotting can
increase the chances of producing
bruising and blood loss
notice notice of this video
the information contained in this video
It is informative not
informative
can not be considered in any case
as a substitute for prescription
diagnosis or medical treatment
If you have any disease or ailment
We recommend that you consult with a
health professional doctor
naturopath dietician filter the route
Y
thanks for watching our video
remember that you can subscribe to
our YouTube channel where you'll find
more interesting videos a greeting and
thanks for watching our video
Y